# Cyberbulyying-detection-on-Twitter-with-ML-and-NLP-before-COVID-19-and-after-COVID-19
Cyberbullying is bullying carried out using digital technologies. This type of bullying can be seen on social media, messaging platforms, gaming platforms and mobile phones. It is a repeated behavior intended to intimidate, anger or embarrass the targeted persons. During the COVID-19 era, cyberbullying refers to malicious and damaging behaviors that occur on digital platforms during the pandemic. Cyberbullying can occur in communication channels on the internet, especially in social media platforms. The COVID-19 era has been a time when people spend more of their time online, which has paved the way for cyberbullying to increase. Cyberbullying can have negative effects on victims. It can affect people's psychological health and cause problems such as stress, anxiety and depression. In addition, cyberbullying can jeopardize the digital reputation and security of individuals. 
Therefore, in this project, cyberbullying detection was conducted on Twitter between pre-Covid-19 years 2016-2017-2018-2019 (March) and 2019-2020-2021-2022 (March). After data extraction, labeling was performed by three different individuals, and the datasets were tested using machine learning algorithms such as SVM (Support Vector Machine), KNN (K-Nearest Neighbors), NB (Naïve Bayes), and RF (Random Forest), along with the natural language processing algorithm called BERT. The results were reported accordingly. According to the results obtained, the Random Forest algorithm, which gives the best accuracy rate of the pre- and post-Covid machine learning algorithms. The Bert algorithm, on the other hand, provided a high accuracy rate in both pre-covid and post-covid datasets. With this project, it was concluded that the Covid-19 epidemic affected and increased the rate of cyberbullying.
